What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?

	Git creates a hidden directory to store commits and the information it needs.
	I need to do this in order to be able to use git on this folder.

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository? What value do you think it offers?
	
	In the staging area are the files which are going to be commited. It gives you 
	the advantage of now having to save every single file. Maybe media resources 
	in an android app don't have to be saved because the will never change. So 
	by not saving these you can save a lot of storrage.

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical change?

	I can view the exact files I'm going to commit and compare it to the most recent 
	commit or the working directory to double check saving the right changes.

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history organized? How would branches help?

	It is helpful to create a branch when you want to make a different version of your project. 
	You can implement a special feature for a unique country or to make the design 
	work better with an uncommon language. 
	A branch helps you to manage this different but all 'right' versions of your project.

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?

	It shows me an overview of the structure of my commits. I can easily see when there is a new branch and which commits are unreachable.

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in the diagram the way we do?

	Merging two branches means to create a commit with all the bugfixes and new 
	features of the two old branches combined. We represent it the way we do because 
	we combine the two branches to one branch.

What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges manually?

	pros: automatic merging is faster and easier to use
	cons: sometimes merge conflicts occure and you have to do it manually anyway

