How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that was introduced?

	When I have two files, one is working and one is not, I can find the bug buy finding 
	the differences between the two files.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient programmer in the long term?

	You will be able to see easily which changes in the code are responsible for 
	which actions in the program. So you will understand your code much better.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, 
like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google Docs does?

	pros: you have more control, which is naturally a good thing
		you know when you have commited and you have an overview of the history in your head
		no uncompileable versions will be saved automatically
	cons: your commits might get to big or to small
		maybe you don't know how to make a commit

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files 
in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

	Multiple files are involved developing an android app. So it only makes sense 
	to save all files of a project when doing a commit. Otherwise, if git couldn't 
	save multiple files, the files probaly won't work together as supposed.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

	git log shows me all the commits in a repository with a little description of 
		the changes. It gives me an overview of the states I can revert to.
	git diff shows me the exaxt differences between two commit, providing the commit ids.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?

	With version control I can experiment a lot more. It allowes me to easily go 
	back to any state of coding I want, provided I commited regularly.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

	I might try it on my personal website to keep track of the different versions. Besides coding I have another use for it. It could be helpful to keep track of my various bill-spreadsheets.

